WHO PAYS FOR WORK TO END UP ONLINE?
  
  I believe that it varies, but only slightly. In a lot of cases, work ends up online and the people who put it there are actually not paid at all. Examples of this could be found in Wikipedia, or in some of the contributors when you are looking at some of the smaller history pages on the Encyclopaedia Britannica online website. However, if we are looking at the most scholarly of online sources, other than a few publications like SAGE or JSTOR, it is typically University databases or publications that are responsible for placing these works online. My opinion is that therefore, for the most part, it is students such as myself paying for academic works to appear online, as we are universities' main sources of income as not only do we pay tuition, but we are the ones buying the majority of these works as well, seeing as their are exponentially more students than teachers. This is ethical work, aside from those who post work online without permision, it allows for people who are not capable of accessing a large, vast, academic library to have a chance at accessing at least some of the works they may want to use. Another way to look at it is that there are some who post their works online, expecting nothing in return, and those who do, and both are fine. However, if someone is responsible for doing the work of putting someone's work online, they have to make sure the person responsible for the working is properly credited, and the work is created online in a format that can do so. I think an easy way of stating my position on the ethics on posting educational work online, is that it should be centered around duty ethics rather than consequentialist ethics.
  
WHAT DOES CARLETON DO TO HELP STUDENTS RETRIEVE ACADEMIC WORKS?

  Carleton provides access to many outlets of retreiving academic work for students. There are things like ARES, where students can access specific works provided by the teacher, as well as the library databases for students to find what they are looking for. There are databases like JSTOR or Taylor & Francis Online that I typically use to find sources for research essays. These would typically be barriers in the form of a pay wall, but universities give students access through these barriers by find their university and logging in on these database websites.
  
WHERE DO STUDENTS FIT IN TO THE DIGITAL HISTORY MACHINE?
  I think that students like myself play a huge part in the functioning of this machine. Simply put, I think that students both consume and create the majority of the system. Without students the databases would be largely unnecessary, and without students these databases would have trouble bein funded properly in the first place. 
